the story of donnie darko starts on 2nd
of october 1988 in a small town in
america
here a young boy named donnie darko is
shown
he hears a strange and mysterious voice
he goes outside his house sleep walking
he sees a man in a huge sized rabbit
costume he introduces his name frank he
tells donny that this world will end in
28 days six hours 42 minutes and 12
seconds
the next morning donnie wakes up in a
golf playground he goes to his house and
sees that the engine of the plane is
crashed in his room his elder sister
elizabeth tells him that the
investigation team far couldn't reach
its reality and from where it came
in the next few days donnie keeps seeing
that man frank in a rabbit costume his
parents send him to the lady
psychiatrist and believe that he has
severed ties with reality the thoughts
that come to his mind about frank in
daylight are all illusions
these are the symptoms of paranal
schizophrenia it's a mental illness
frank is affected by donny's movements
as donny breaks the water pipe of high
school and because of this the school is
flooded in the next scene a character
named gretchen is shown she is a girl
she shifts to donny's town with her
mother with a new identity so that she
may escape from his cruel stepfather
donnie starts seeing her vision too on
the other hand the lady psychiatrist was
doing the therapy of donnie she
hypnotizes him
but the session ends when he mentions a
girl's name
she was a famous actress
later donnie is shown shooting the
bottles in the open ground when his
friends are doing other things
his teacher thus compares the process of
bursting to a short story destructor and
says that's its effect that teacher
gives a lesson on different behaviors
and then calls a motivational speaker to
deliver a lesson on attitude donnie
doesn't like that speaker he rebels
against her and goes against her donny
talks to his science teacher at frank's
request
he asks him if he believes in time
travel that science teacher gives donny
a book named philosophy of time travel
this book was written by school's first
science teacher named roberto sparrow
she has become an old woman now
she lives outside this town
while watching the football match donnie
notices that a bubbly liquid is coming
out of people's chests around him
it shows donnie where these people will
head to
then a bubbly liquid comes out of his
chest too
donny chases it and it takes him to the
bedroom of his house he searches for a
gun there then donnie's teacher calls a
motivational speaker for delivering a
speech in the school assembly again
where donnie insults her donny finds
motivational speaker's wallet on the
road he gets to know about his address
frank asks him to set his house on fire
donny does the same
when fire brigade comes to put out the
fire they find strange images of
children from his house this shows that
he isn't a good person and he is
arrested
donny's teacher goes to los angeles with
donny's mother and the dancing group
it means that donny's mother isn't home
whereas his father was out of station
for business purposes
he prepares a halloween party with his
sister elizabeth in her house
that girl gretchen also comes to the
party who was new in this town
she is so worried and tells that her
mother is lost she meets tony for the
first time when don he remembers that
frank predicted about future that the
world will destroy in some time so he
takes this girl and both of his friends
with him to find to roberto sparrow who
wrote that book
two boys try to break into roberta
sparrow's house
here donnie fights with them in front of
her house
a car coming the kills gretchen and she
dies
this car's driver was elizabeth's friend
who is his sister his friend's name was
frank addison
he had won the rabbit costume in a few
seconds donnie sees the second frank
again
he was standing in the bushes
donny shoots her eye with his gun and
take his dead body to the house
when he comes home he sees a vortex
above his house
he comes home and places his dead body
in his parents car and takes him to a
nearby town
when he reaches there he sees that plane
in which his mother and members of the
dancing group was coming back
they get trapped in the vortex
their jet engine got separated too
incidents that occurred in the last 28
days get rewind as donny wakes up in his
room he remembers that it's the 2nd of
october and laughs
then a jet engine falls into his bedroom
and kills him
that's how donnie dies the lives of the
people around the town who have been
affected by donny wake up from their
painful dreams gretchen has never met
tony before but she comes to his house
and she gets to know about his death
donny's mother and his sister see each
other and wave at each other it seemed
that they knew each other but they can't
remember where they met each other in
the first moment subscribe to movies
inspired for more videos and click the
bell icon to encourage us
like and share the video let us know
what you think by commenting